[TW-1100] Flows minimap grouping qol (#4785)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/postman-flows/tutorials/webhooks.md

![Create Send Request block](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/make-send-request-block-v10.gif)

The final step is to send all this information back to the Slack app. First, since slack requires the text sent to them to be in JSON format, create a **Record** block, name the key **text** and add a **Select** block. You can either use the dropdown menu to select, or enter ```body.results.0.c``` which is how polygon stores their stock quotes. Now create a new **Send Request** block, drag the output of the **Record** block to the **message_to_slack** variable which is what we're going to send to the app, and drag a connection from the second **Evaluate** block (that holds the destination in Slack to reply to) to the **slack_hook_url** input of the **Send Request** block.

![Create Send Request block](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/sending-to-slack-v10-1.gif)

> All that's left is hitting the **Deploy** button and trying it out in Slack!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All that's left is selecting **Deploy** and trying it out in Slack!
```
